Hello everyone, I am with you again and today I am
I will not only try to shoot in the evening
under the salon lighting of his
car but also start a new heading under
name pokatushki as you have become
clear from the title
rubrics in this rubric I will ride on
anything and somewhere then there is no test
drive is just pokatushki
and today is the first car zaz chance
one and a half liter and a place pad which
were set
various cones
and
Well
The first issue pokatushek hope he not
will come out lumpy but we will be very i will
sometimes post here such videos
pokatushki and me it's time to say goodbye
thanks for watching like or
dizlike
whichever you liked or
no subscribe yet